---
layout: post
title: "7 Weekly Review"
date: 2014-03-22 17:03:32 -0400
comments: true
categories: 
---

*Day 7: You’ve made it one week! Reflect on what this newfound practice has been like. Getting through the first seven consecutive days is truly the hardest part. Have you enjoyed it? Has it been difficult? Has it been what you expected?*
<!-- more -->

    Part of this doesn't apply to me since I'm not journaling daily but rather weekly.  I have enjoyed journaling weekly.  I especially like this prompt format and in the future, I may reuse some of these prompts if I can't think of anything to write about.  For the most part, writing has been easy for me as usual.  
    The hardest part has been getting a good number in [Beeminder](beeminder.com) so that I would remember that I needed to journal.  I have found that putting up $5 is good incentive to get me to journal.  And not just journaling has encouraged by Beeminder.  I have also started studying Russian more due to it.  Although $5 isn't a lot, it is certainly motivating enough since if I fall off the path, I don't even get something out of that money.
    Journaling has been exactly what I expected and wanted.  I was looking for a way for me to express my personality and thought processes in a written fashion.  I really enjoyed reading Granddad's story of what he did in WWII.  What I was left with after reading it though, was questions about the why's behind his decisions so even though I am not doing anything (too) exciting with my life, I want anyone reading this to understand why I made the decisions I did and what kind of person that I am.
    
    And now for something completely different.  I am currently in ALS.  I have been working my butt off this week.  It was the fourth of five weeks so we had several writing assignments and tests.  I passed them all (so far) and was looking forward to a relaxing weekend but it wasn't meant to be.  I was forced to wake up at my normal weekday alarm of 0530 so that I could be at a volunteer event in DC for 0700.  I am so exhausted and out of it that I wonder if this weekend will be rejuvenatory at all.  I just hope that tomorrow I can lounge around and casually study.