---
layout: post
title: "13 Mind Dump"
date: 2014-05-30 20:43:00 -0400
comments: true
categories: 
---

*Day 13: Perform a mind dump of everything you’re worried about. From the leaky dishwasher to your family member’s poor health — get it all out. Dwight D. Eisenhower did it, and it significantly helped him manage his stress. Just as your body needs to… cleanse itself of waste, so does your mind every once in a while. Getting all your stressors on paper may alleviate some of that pressure. Use [David Allen’s GTD trigger](http://wiki.43folders.com/index.php/Trigger_List) list to help you out.*
<!-- more -->
I'm reading through this list and I think this could get quite long.  I guess just starting is the way to go.

About the professional side of the house, I have only one project that I've started which I need to finish and that is my Pomodoro webpage.  It is mostly done but I want to publish it before I consider it done.  I am planning on starting a documentation project for my new position.

I can't recall any commitments or promises to anyone in this list.  The closes that I can think of would be that I need to organize and develop a list of bullets for my supervisor.  

I have only one professional communication to make and that is in relation to my upcoming business trip.  I need to make contact with them and confirm arrangements.

Under this planning/organizing heading, I do need to formalize my position goals and objectives with my team lead.  I'm not sure what is expected of my job-wise.

I need to reset my voicemail password.

I need to find someone with the key to my drawers.

Under the professional development, one of the bullets is skills to learn.  Since I have more skills to learn at work than I can remember, I'll just write that there are many.

This also reminds me that I wanted to write a resume and have it approved.

Professional wardrobe: I need to get new ribbons, preferably the pre put together ones.  I think there is a link to the website off the BX page.

Starting in on the Personal section.

There are several personal projects that I've started and not finished:  Ruby Koans, CodeSchool learning Ruby, Wheels Across Anchorage (still), a website redesign, and making beer labels.

Although, I suppose that making beer labels could fall under not started since all I have done it buy the labels, I haven't done anything else.

The only commitment I can recall is to go on a cruise with Hilary.  The next step of which is decide on a cruise and submit the paperwork for it.

I don't have any projects for other organizations but I do have an obligation to the SPCA to attend the volunteer session in June.

Communication to make: Call Yarmuth about White House and Capitol building tours.

The next big upcoming event will be Hilary's birthday in August.  Well, on this list, I suppose that I would count Nikki and Max's wedding, the trip to Rehobeth beach, Brandon and Kelsey's visit, and my Mom's visit, followed finally by our cruise.

Bills need to be paid for June since I won't be here.  I wonder if I can look up balances for most of them?

I'm waiting on several packages the most important of which is probably my text book for my class starting in June.

Need to buy Windows 8 for my desktop and possibly another HDD.

I need to drop my blues off at the dry cleaners.

Now that I have made it through the list, there is still one big stress on my mind that I don't think has made enough of an impact on this post.  I am leaving for a business trip this week and I am super nervous about it.  I just found out Friday that I will be actually going on it.  It has really reworked my whole little world.  I really hope that Hilary does alright during the time that I am gone.  Since she doesn't drive and seems hesitant to take the bus/MARC, I'm worried that she will sit at home all three weeks that I am gone.  All I can do is hope that she doesn't.