---
layout: post
title: "14 Book Review"
date: 2014-06-07 20:48:00 -0400
comments: true
categories: 
---

*Day 14: Write a review of some form of entertainment you recently took in. Whether book or movie or TV show or Broadway play, write out what you liked and didn’t like about it. Was the acting/writing good? Could you follow the story? Is there anything you can take from it about life, or was it purely entertainment? This is often one of the most enjoyable entries to write, as it’s especially fun (and quite nostalgic) to go back and read these in the future. I can imagine that 10 years from now I will thoroughly appreciate my thoughts from this week on Roy Baumeister’s Is There Anything Good About Men?.*
<!-- more -->

For this I'm going to write about A Wrinkle In Time.  Since I recently finished it.  I picked it up because I remembered reading it as a child and being enthralled by it.  Even as young as I was, I made the connection between "wrinkling" and "wormholes".  I think my early fascination with the book is what led me to be disappointed with this read as an adult.

I found the book to be simple and childish.  None of the topics that I found interesting were explored enough for me.  For instance, I would have liked more in-depth knowledge of the relationship between Charles Wallace and Meg.  While Meg professed that she and Charles Wallace had a deep relationship, I felt that since this book was from her perspective, I would have liked to see more into her mind.

Overall, it was a good book but I don't think that I'll pick it up again any time soon.